only the offal of Little Caesar could
tell so dramatic a story only the
director of the treasure of Sierra Madre
could film it with such hole only once
in a decade as the screen come up with
such absorbing characters sterling
Hayden as Dix Handley a hooligan with a
twisted dream Jean Hagen as doll the
dime-a-dance Dane who wanted to share
that shabby freep let go it please Dix
please you're crazy I'm on the lam I
want it bad packing heat if there's any
trouble wicked with you be like a dry
I'm running out of killing wrap your
know what that means don't care I just
want to be with Louis Calvin is Emmerich
a big-time mouthpiece with crime on his
mind
well I suppose the fellow should stick
to his own trade but I know some pretty
big men around here that might not be
averse to a deal like this if they're
properly approached highly respectable
men are my dad Sam Jaffe as doc he's got
a million dollars in that little black
bag and a jitterbug cost him every
diamond
Owlman Monroe is Angela the easy living
green eyed blonde haven't you bothered
me enough you big banana head just try
breaking my door mr. amigo throw you out
of the house james whitmore discuss the
strong arm boy a right guy in a wrong
world knows you hadn't see a little
think did I wind up the Americas -
applause
you